hey guys how's it going go see Ricci so
guess what
I've got an s4 video for you today but
it's not a good one uh other night we
plugged it in dunt dunt dog and we're
like you know letting it charge
literally nothing different and then the
smell of smoke and fire and destruction
and doom yeah I fucking do but yeah if
you take a look at that that is the
charging plug all stuff and comes up
yeah you know if you look there's
nothing different this phone's a link
what a couple months old so yeah
stark nothing's different with it that's
the charging in and here's the phone so
as you can see here it's kind of bubbled
that's from the heat and if we take this
off so it's cause damage to the case
yeah and recover its cause damage to the
backing plate it's pretty brutal and
it's also yeah heated up good thing it
cracked first but yeah we pop this off
you just so you can see the damage a
little bit more cause damage the
interview where yeah get you a good
angle that but completely burnt through
that's even distorted a bit on the face
yeah once again like I said nothing
different than any other person you
plugging these things in just plugged it
in to charge it went to sleep woke up to
smoke and on a little bit of Bernie and
yeah um thank god the battery didn't go
because as anyone that knows these
batteries when they blow especially the
lithium ions they they'll expand and
then they just explode and when they do
is just like multiplier so at least
something kicked over the phone but it's
the fact that the charging port caught
fire which is really really freaky
because batteries only that close
anyways Samsung wanted proof there's
your proof and for anyone else that's
wondering if this is a big issue with
the s4 we've been doing our research
we've heard about apartment buildings
burning down and everything so be
careful with your s4 and keep it
somewhere where you can monitor it and
that's about it but yeah don't forget to
keep your bill of sale oh yeah
as Samson is pulling this if you don't
have proof it didn't happen while here's
our video to show proof that it happened
and we still have the bill of sale
luckily and hopes that they're going to
replace it and replace the case that was
damaged in the process because of their
product you know it's bad when you've
taken two uh like us we have a service
provider it's Rogers here in Canada and
Rogers seen that and they freaked out
they even said don't even you could send
it in through us it'll take three weeks
or just go see Samsung at the Samsung
your apps just said that they need a
video proof and now we have to call it
in so we're going to upload this set it
to Samsung will let you know how it goes
alright thanks again for watching like
the video if this interests you and
other than that post in the comment
section below I want to know if this has
happened to you alright thanks again
peace